Add article about WCAG compliance (#683)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/various/wcag.md

---
title: WCAG compliance
eleventyNavigation:
  key: wcag-compliance
  parent: various
  order: 12
---

> Accessiblity is important to us at MapsIndoors, and we go to great lengths to make sure you can build accessible apps using our SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessiblity for everyone in MapsIndoors is important to us at MapsPeople, and we go to great lengths to make sure you can build accessible apps using our SDKs.
```

Author: @ChristianWolf-mapspeople Good catch.

How about this?

```suggestion
Making MapsIndoors accessible to all is important to us at MapsIndoors, and we go to great lengths to make sure you can build accessible apps using our SDKs.
```

Reviewer: @marksdk 
The main eyesore to me is the inconsistency in using the product name (MapsIndoors) here and company name (MapsPeople) in the last paragraph. This would be more precise (to me):

```suggestion
Making MapsIndoors accessible to all is important to us at MapsPeople, and we go to great lengths to make sure you can build accessible apps using our SDKs.
```

Author: @ChristianWolf-mapspeople Ah, yes—I wanted to make that exact sentence, but my copy-pasting skills apparently need a brush-up.

Anyway, seems we agree 🙂
